So I'm wearing my new handy-dandy, noise-canceling headphones, right? Not listening to anything, just reducing the clutter in my mind. Vibing. I realize I haven't seen my phone in quite a while, I'd better go find it. Why am I sitting here in silence, anyway?

I look all over the bedroom. Not there.

I look all over the house. Nothing.

I command my low-IQ, hard-of-hearing, lazy butler, "Hey Google! Find my phone!" I'm not able to muster the gravitas appropriate for addressing a servant, but the novelty wore off the tenth time xhe asked me to get a premium subscription anyway.

"Your phone is ringing," but something about the way HG blinks xhis glowing orbs at me says there could be a more sinister reason I don't hear anything....

Nevertheless, after a quick traversal of the home turf (depth-first) triggered no tremor in my tympanic membrane, I give HG the benefit of the doubt and decide I must have left it in Golo.

As I open the goron's passenger door I realize I'm still wearing the headset. Ha! No wonder I don't hear anything! It probably IS in the house. I reach up to remove the cranial accessory and...

I hear a whisper.

Or do I? It's dark, it's quiet, it's spooky. I've also been consumed by anxiety lately anyway. My imagination.

I hear it again. My heart might be leaping if it hadn't already deserted me on the first one. Joke's on him anyway, you can't outrun a disembodied voice.

It sounds soft, breathy, feminine. The sound is definitely coming from the headset. One of the boys! Yeah that's it, I left the phone in a room when I was herding them to bed, it woke him up so he answered it! He's groggy, that's why it's unintelligible. There's a lot of background noise too... Static? Wind? His blanket rustling! That explains it.

Hold on. HG doesn't actually call my phone, xhe just plays the ringtone. No one could have answered it. AND there's the goddamn phone on the goddamn seat!!

EVP. I mean pareidolia. Some kind of bluetooth interference.

The sound gets choppy, then it rapidly, rhythmically, organically cuts in and out. Then it's steady again. Panic crescendos, my heart stops (it hasn't made it very far down the street yet) as I clearly hear the specter hiss, "She... gooeess... UP!"

When I stopped screaming like a conservative who just heard about safe spaces (i.e. shrill, irrationally frightened), I realized what it was. Who wants to guess?


1st draft
====================
So I'm wearin my handy-dandy, noise-canceling headphones, right? Not listening to anything, just reducing the clutter in my brain. I realize that I don't have my phone on me, and it's been a while since I remember having it so I should probably look for it so I can do my oh-so-important social media posts. I look all over my bedroom, not there. All over the house, not there. So I command my low-IQ digital slave, "Hey Google, find my phone!" HG tells me it's ringing, but something about the way it blinks its orbs at me tells me there's a sneaky reason I'm not hearing anything. I decide to give HG the benefit of the doubt though, and figure I must have left it in Golo.
I walk outside and I still can't hear a phone ringing as I approach the goron. Oh yeah! I should probably take these noise-canceling headphones off so I can hear better! I reach up and just as I'm about to take them off...
I hear a whisper.
My heart starts pounding. It's probably my imagination, I tell myself.
I hear it again. It's quiet, soft, breathy, haunting, feminine. It's definitely coming from my headphones. There's also a noise with it. Static? Wind? The sound keeps cutting in and out like the first time you heard a 90s industrial song as a kid, triggering that uncanny, scary-but-arousing tingle.
It's one of the boys! Yeah, that's it! I must have left my phone in one of their rooms when I was telling them goodnight, he woke up and answered it. He's half asleep so that's why he's not saying anything coherent.
Hang on. HG doesn't actually call my phone, it just plays the ringtone. He couldn't have answered it. And there's the goddamned phone on the seat!
Terror wells up inside me, then I clearly hear the voice hiss the words, "Shee gooeess UP!"
