Some believe that consciousness is an emergent property of the brain, resulting from the communication between neurons, neural nets, etc. There's evidence that plants in a forest communicate with each other, so a forest may have some form of consciousness that we don't understand. But an individual tree doesn't have a consciousness, much like an individual neuron doesn't have a consciousness.

Maybe there's a lower form of consciousness that exists in the communication between neurons in a neural net. Maybe there's a consciousness in the communication between neural nets that make up a region of the brain, etc.

If consciousness exists because of communication, then maybe a form of consciousness exists between animals of a species of bird that communicates using calls and dances.

Maybe communication between neural net A and neural net B is part of consciousness X, and comm between net A and C is part of consciousness Y. These consciousnesses aren't necessarily discreet, they can have overlaps. They don't have to be completely separate in the way my consciousness is completely separate from yours.

Communication between humans creates shared beliefs. A shared belief between a network of humans could be a consciousness, a life form. These life forms don't have to be discreet, maybe Abrahamic religion is a life form, Christianity and Judaism are both life forms that include Abrahamic religion as a component. Another life form might be a type of work ethic. An ethic of hard work combined with a type of Christianity make up Protestantism, and maybe that work ethic gives a survival advantage to the hosts of that idea, hence giving that form of Christianity a survival advantage.

Ideas can combine to become viral. The concept of masculinity can be different from one person to the next. Communication between individuals might spread one version of masculinity or another, but they're going to change a lot between individuals and over time. If masculinity combines with the idea that competing forms of masculinity are shameful, it becomes viral. It's self-replicating because those not wanting to feel shameful will adopt this other version of masculinity--at least outwardly--even if it doesn't entirely match their internal version, and fear that other people will find out one's masculine incongruity makes that person point out inconformities in others to draw attention away from their own. It's more resistant to change over time and between individuals than masculinity without shame. This gives it a survival advantage over other ideas of masculinity. Toxic masculinity is a virus.

Are these consciousnesses self-aware? I dunno. Maybe. If they were self-aware then wouldn't they be trying to communicate with humanity? My consciousness can't communicate with the lower consciousnesses that comprise it, can it? When I decide to move my arm I'm making the neural networks that control my arm take action. The neural network consciousness probably isn't aware that my consciousness is making it do that. Maybe a conscious being that is the concept of a country sends a signal to humans to start a war. The humans aren't aware they're being sent a signal from that conscious concept.

Is it possible for my consciousness to make a neural network aware of its existence? Can it send signals that network would recognize as its existence? My consciousness only exists as a product of neural network communication, so maybe it can't directly communicate with the product of its components, it would have to use a discreet entity--a neuron--as a conduit to communicate with the rest of the neurons in the net. Maybe a conscious concept of a god communicates to its followers through an individual human. It doesn't have the ability to be a big, booming voice in the sky, it's non-corporeal. But that god still only exists as the product of communication between humans. It has no power except through the ways it can influence humans, similar to how my consciousness doesn't move my arm except through the influence it has over the neural nets that control it.

Lots of gods have come and gone, like different concepts of masculinity, coexisting and comingling. A god becomes viral by combining with the concept of objective truth, forming monotheism as an organism, which eradicates other competing gods in a manner similar to the way toxic masculinity stomps out its competitors. Monotheism is toxic theism.

There's some evidence that our consciousnesses aren't so much the pilots of our meatsuits as we are narrators making up a story about products of the communication between its compositional lower consciousnesses. "I" don't make decisions, those decisions are made moments before "I" am aware of them and perceive myself to be making them. Maybe gods don't have any influence over the actions of humans and exist only as a narrative explaining the interactions between the people who host them, but are conscious nonetheless.

But if ideas really are conscious, where do they exist? My consciousness exists in my head right? It has a physical home, how could a lifeform exist without a body? Well if I die, my consciousness doesn't just sit there, lifeless in my head. My neurons are still there, but my neurons weren't my consciousness. My consciousness was the interaction between them. When communication between neurons and nets and regions stopped, my consciousness ceased to exist. A consciousness doesn't exist in a place, but in an action: communication. A conscious idea can't exist without its human hosts, but it lives in the interactions between them, not in their physical forms.