Performance piece

Performance piece: we collectively, globally decide to reinact AJR's music video about a youtube video leading to international stardom.
Art as life, immitating art, immitating life. The recursion could cause an embalism. It's all fractal.

This leads people to base a societal philosophy around AJR's songs, a la Wyld Stalyns.

But as it turns out, AJR are a bunch of commie bastards (evidenced in Burn the House Down). Plot twist, shitheads! We tricked you into empathy!



Prove me wrong.
Show me that you can be a good parent.
Show me that part of Reese was real. Prove to the world that I judged you unfairly, thinking that Sheresa is all there was or ever will be.
Show me that you can provide stability for them without my help.
I know you can. But will you?

Design Principle #1 from Wayne's Big Book of Design: Project your idea into the future, take it to its logical conclusion. Try on a few eutopian and dystopian suits. Don't base any decisions on this, it's a logical fallacy, just do it for fun.

Meta-buisiness model: Figure out the ways of thinking that led to the existence of Gartner and similar companies. Make a fortune teaching people how to create Gartner-like companies. Better yet, devise a pyramid scheme that sells Gartner factories.

I've always been a comedian. I just had to find the right character to convey my worldview to the right audience that would find humor in it.

Mark my words, y'all. Microservice architecture will inevitably lead to sapient AI. Some day you may thank me, or you may curse me: "He saw this coming, and he did it anyway??"
I think my next hyperfocus will be data lakes.

I'm not the grandfather of devops. I'm more like the snot-nosed kid who came along all, "I can do it better!" The old fogies are thinking, "I can't STAND him! But he does have a point about some of this stuff."

Blasphemy laws are just really old copyright protection. They didn't want their brand ruined.
Kill the Mickey Mouse god!


comedy sketch:
booyah betch!

My idea doesn't predate NFC but does predate my familiarity with it.

observe something about a subject (e.g. C++)
speculate about how that universe works based on what you have observed
test it!

You think your god should exist in our universe? Then change your god, or change our universe.


You think I'm wise and altruistic?
Well, lemme tell ya, if I had unlimited availability of deep-throat blowjobs, I just might find intellectual ways to justify cheating.
