Why do I keep browser tabs open?
- to remind myself to look at something
  * learn a song
  * read an article
- open tabs are a debt to my past self; so is employment
  * I know that dude's cool though, he'll forgive me if I close most of them without reading; he trusts my judgment from moment to moment 



what the hell do scientists know, anyway?
well, for starters...


Theory of social structure
The Watchman
  tells you when you're wrong if nobody else does first


I credit my mom with my thirst for knowledge. 

Just think, a generation ago I'd have had to write an entire memoir 



I'm bringing sincerity back.

I'm bringing sincerity back. Sometimes you gotta be a little extra to show that you mean it.


I dream of a day when we can tag our nudes with the amount of privacy we want (audience-wise) and people will just respect that.


You know, being ASD and all that, I know that my tone isn't always perceived by others how I intend it. I've recently started thinking about my facial expressions too. smiling/squinting/pain.

smiling, communicating associations, not just a facial expression

Never stop being a toddler. Speak your mind. Always be curious. Create!
  Fuck the idea of Terrible Twos! Let's glory in what havoc these tiny tirants can make! Has anyone tried this yet? Just like... not spanking them?



I mourn the life I could have had growing up "normal."
  birds
  mated pair

paradiddles of oily josh
  just joshing you, associated with suicide
  

prompts for my soulmate, who will also have troubles speaking and communicating, so s(h)e'll have 


the way I imagine living like a nun


is that what they mean by comedic timing? looking for reassurance?

facial language barrier


I imagine the right woman for me
would write about how


yer fuckin me. did I really just unlock that cosmic secret?
  that past me, hid from me the fact that I 
damn I got this shit locked up tighter than fort knox
  don't get discouraged, that's exactly what he wants


shame unlocked
fUck me!


life is wibbledy wobbledy, no wonder 

one guy's piece a the 90s

seek help
this is a beacon

my poor brother, sharing a bunk with me

everything is everything
  a poem about being me

memes is witchcraft
battles! atlas

sometimes among dudes I feel like I'm the only one who hasn't been fucked in the butthole like
[Fort Greene Park]

do I come off as a know-it-all? I'm sorry if I do

omfg I cannot describe how much Fort Greene Park sounds like it came from my mind but like... if my mind liked itself


wait! no fuggin way. this is deterministic too?
|
||
|||

an autistic person is just a genius we haven't yet found a way to capitalize on

THE YABBA

when you're schizophrenic, your whole life is like a Bond movie

and thus it was presented to me, the white hoochie, the hispanic hoochie, and the angel

3.142023
Date calculated using an heuristic
maybe this one would be okay to recommend
mapping the brain is scary as fuck and I would not go there if I were you
  because you're neurotypical, I'd be unable to
  

this milestone, 42, is the beginning of the end.
we are moving toward others more quickly than before
this one is rough though man
we hit this milestone hard.

like a fog of souls spreading darkness in the room
  that's this one's name. we'll call him Jake for now. An honorific of sorts.

go back to sleep
-->
to the rhythm of the wardrums


I do not recommend an education that includes 


secret unlocked
  upper and lower hemisphere eye movement
    to bring about moods
      and access state-dependent storage, rememberance


we're equals but I'm the leader they don't have
like herding cats
the cat, the predator

mycorrhysal underlords
throw hurricane at us. "that always gives em somethin to do for a while"
will you partake of the sacred spores?

chaotically uncaused cause


when deciding what tone to use for delivery of a joke
I use sitcom roulette
give it a spin and it finds a possibly suitable one
swipe left swipe right
you try it
joke falls flat
chalk another one up to empty barrel

tinder roulette
swipe left a buncha times, like the wheel's a turnin
stop on one
this one might do
OH how could it land on red 16 times in a row?
Because if it landed on black
 there'd be no going back


 hey we're playin smear the queer! and yer it. again.
  autistic kid, genuinely baffled
   what? just because I look extra fab in my crop top and neon green bike shorts? oh guys, y'all don't have to be jealous, y'all got other kickass qualities I'm sure.
    ah yes, right in the mud I go
     cuz this is fair
them shorts were cool, man
I miss them shorts

when you get too perfect
you cease to exist


imagining future generations sleuthing my writings like they're the davinci code
  I know it doesn't seem like the formatting is important here, almost random
  but remember they had Notepad back then
    By default it didn't word wrap
      Now look at it again
by my works you will know me


shapeless and formless neurons
